Update meshstack.email.md (#614)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.email.md

For all email based communication (e.g. for [customer registration](./meshstack.onboarding.md#customer-registration) or [customer user invitations](./meshstack.onboarding.md#customer-user-invitations)) meshStack will use the configured SMTP server.

<!--snippet:mesh.meshfed.mail-->

> 

Reviewer: f: don't put text into <!--snippet blocks, this will get replaced by tooling when updating dhall snippets against the meshStack config model

> Now it is also possible to customize the footer of all email notifications to add support links and other valuable information for users.
> The following configuration options are available at `mesh.meshfed.mail`:
> <!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
> <!--Dhall Type-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the enterprise package, it is also possible to customize the footer of all email notifications to add support links and other valuable information for users. Please contact our support team to help you with it.
The following configuration options are available at `mesh.meshfed.mail`:
<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```
